Update Tarball extension from .tgz to tar.gz in markdown files (#480)
nginx/documentation: content/nap-waf/v5/admin-guide/overview.md

   - [Deploying NGINX App Protect WAF on Docker]({{<ref "/nap-waf/v5/admin-guide/deploy-on-docker.md">}})
   - [Deploying NGINX App Protect WAF on Kubernetes]({{<ref "/nap-waf/v5/admin-guide/deploy-with-helm.md">}})

> 1. Compile your `.json` policies and logging profiles to `.tar.gz` bundles using [compiler-image]({{<ref "/nap-waf/v5/admin-guide/compiler.md">}}) because NGINX App Protect WAF v5 supports policies and logging profiles in a compiled bundle format only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Compile your `.json` policies and logging profiles to `.tgz` bundles using [compiler-image]({{<ref "/nap-waf/v5/admin-guide/compiler.md">}}) because NGINX App Protect WAF v5 supports policies and logging profiles in a compiled bundle format only.
```

   {{< /note >}}

> 1. Replace the `.json` references in nginx.conf with the above created `.tar.gz` [bundles]({{<ref "/nap-waf/v5/admin-guide/install.md#using-policy-and-logging-profile-bundles">}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Replace the `.json` references in nginx.conf with the above created `.tgz` [bundles]({{<ref "/nap-waf/v5/admin-guide/install.md#using-policy-and-logging-profile-bundles">}}).
```

> 1. Make sure that `.tar.gz` bundles references are accessible to the `waf-config-mgr` container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure that `.tgz` bundles references are accessible to the `waf-config-mgr` container.
```
